back again with us wow id
on this occasion i will recap a horror
film storyline and full of mystery
in short this film tells the story of a
man who ventured into a cave
and it turns out that the cave is
inhabited by strange and terrible
creatures
not just terrible even this vicious
creature can affect the human brain to
go crazy
his father had not had time to tell the
truth there he died first the child
let's say his name is jassy he was
curious about what happened to his
father then he found his father's diary
because in the book a lot of terrible
pictures
finally he was curious and invited three
friends to look for the cave
about what the creature looks like in
the cave let's just look at the
storyline
ends with a woman named jassy he is the
son of a man who died mysteriously in a
cave
he felt hurt that his father was said to
be insane before he died
jc did an online chat she met her male
friend named sam
then jassy told her that her father died
an unnatural death jassy is still on top
of her father's death when he was doing
an event to a priest via online many say
his father always told strange things
the father who was always considered
crazy and liked to make things up by
everyone before he died
though jessie was convinced that she
knew something that no one else knew
because she was a geologist
after the chat jassy met a close friend
named sam
sam was curious about everything that
was written in the book sam finally
invites jassy to go to the cave and can
prove the truth of jesse's father's
diary just hearing the invitation jassy
felt happy he wants to know what
happened to his father before his death
and until finally they were planning to
travel the next day and the next day
jesse and sam had brought their
equipment and went straight to meet the
rest of their friends
previously sam had invited marty and
jones girlfriends to join him
because according to him the more people
the safer it will be in the cave
marty and johann can't wait to have an
adventure in the mystery cave they
thought it would be fun and enjoyable
according to him
before leaving they also ate together
while telling stories about the
condition of the cave that not many
people know about
from jesse's father's diary martin saw a
picture of a strange figure that he said
was in the dark of the cave maybe the
creature was an alien or an unknown
variant of ancient humans or even a
monster
if they could record the sightings they
would be famous and rich
according to jessie if this is done she
can prove to people that her father's
story is true and that his father is not
considered crazy
martin joked excessively with jassy he
seemed very disappointed because of the
conversation earlier he apologized to
jesse he realized and just found out
from sam how he felt because everyone
always made fun of his father
after traveling they finally arrived at
the parking lot and they traveled on
foot to where the mysterious goa was on
the way there were disagreements and
they decided to ask permission to the
guard post whenever something happens
they can be monitored by the post guard
arriving at the place they met the
guards they asked permission to go into
the cave which was their destination
but the guards refused he suggested to
another place than to the cave but they
insisted on going into the cave they
rushed off and lied to the guards
after walking quite a distance into the
forest they set up the tent first
because it was almost dark
[Laughter]
night came they made a fire while
talking about jesse's dad
jesse kept thinking of him and was
missing her father very much
the others tried to comfort jessie while
opening her father's diary
jessie kept thinking about her father
and told him when his father was being
treated at the hospital
he regretted not being with him when his
father experienced the incident
and what really happened to his father
when he was in the cave
without realizing it was getting late at
night while they were sleeping martin
was awakened by a strange sound from the
bushes
martin tried to check it out without
martin knowing a mysterious figure had
just passed martin entered the tent
they continued their journey to the k
they kept trying to find their way to
that place but with instructions from
jesse's father's notebook they had
arrived at the place
according to the manual's instructions
they were surprised because he had not
seen the cave suddenly martin heard a
voice as if he could be whispered then
they told him to follow him
and not far from where the mysterious
cave was finally seen without lingering
they immediately prepared to enter the
hidden cave
sam immediately tied the rope from
outside the mouth of the cave
they immediately entered following the
cave passage while in the cave they
certainly did not find a signal from the
cell phone but it turns out that there
are a lot of signals they travel in
caves which are of course dark and have
many passages
he recorded on their way the further
they went into the cave they began to
confuse reading the instructions from
the father's notes
they are still joking in the cave if in
the cave it should be pitch black they
said
they immediately turned off all the
flashlights they want to feel the
atmosphere of a cave in the dark
even if this is stupid in the darkness
without lights they want to feel the
silence
suddenly there was a sound where joanna
was standing they immediately turned on
the lights again
joanna looked confused and they hurried
on their way
in the middle of their journey they
stopped right at the intersection they
were confused in determining the
direction of the destination
suddenly marty said that in that
direction everyone was shocked
seeing marty's behavior marty said that
he had read all of jassy's father's
notebooks
marty then felt something strange again
suddenly he leads somewhere they tried
to follow marty who seemed to be looking
for something
and it turned out to mean heading to the
cave walls filled with strange symbols
it was apparently written in jc's
father's diary but they don't know what
it is
marty came closer and tried to touch
after touching the symbols
marty panicked because he felt there was
blood and suddenly three unknown people
attacked him
in the midst of panic marty's
hallucinations immediately started
running marty unexpectedly fell into a
deep cave crevice in their panic they
thought that marty had seen something
terrible a frightened joanna intends to
get out of the cave
in the midst of panic sam tries to calm
down jasmine sam says that in the past
your father must have been hallucinating
seeing monsters
joanna still decided to get out of the
cave she was very scared
forbid it but very stupid anyway i want
to get out he went out looking for a way
until he was confused about which
direction he was going
after joanna went out on her own
jassy and sam find another way to find
marty who knows he's not dead yet
because at the time of the incident he
was attacked by creatures or strangers
was following the rope to get out of the
cave
but somehow the rope seemed to have been
cut he panicked and confused looking for
directions out of the cave then johann
looked for a way out by using his filing
only
then suddenly when joanna heard the
voice she immediately recorded it who
knows
yes she could document the creature but
unfortunately when the terrible creature
is seen the memory of the cellphone runs
out sadistically the monster killed
joanna
and when the road marking line is up if
you hear a strange sound
saw humans with strange behavior and
jassy was shocked and ran as fast as
possible in the cave
meanwhile when the road marking rope is
up jassy and sam keep looking for a way
in the cave
earned to marty and it turns out he's
not dead he was with the members of his
strange looking father jesse in a state
of being alive marty is approached by a
woman who seems to want to kill him
marty was forced to slaughter the woman
with a sharp stone
luckily jassy and sam came and managed
to save marty then slowly marty headed
sem and jassy to get out of this place
vibe
sam and jassy see strange people around
them because the martyr kept on
hallucinating it even made these freaks
attack a lot
he attacked marty and sam
in the midst of the chaos sam tells
jasmine to go get help
he will distract these freaks
sam finally died attacked by these
strange creatures
jassy kept running and trying to find a
way out while finding a dead end jassy
finally made it out of the cave
in a very weak state he tried to find
help to the guard post by lighting a
flare
finally jassy survived she woke up and
she realized that she was in the room
he was embarrassed it turned out that he
had been rescued by the guard post
jesse is angry why didn't the postal
officer tell me that the cave was
dangerous
a lot of users of strange creatures
previously the guard had said not to go
into the cave in fact they ignored it
and went there too
the postal officer actually did not know
for sure what was in the cave
finally they wanted to go there to save
the others
meanwhile marty is still struggling
alone in the cave
the two guards could not believe it and
were also able to find the k
they were alone while jassy left first
they were frustrated because the cave
had not been found in the middle of the
road one of the guards found a symbol
and it was a map of the path to the cave
finally they turned around and finally
the two guards found a big hole and it
turns out that there is a cave there
suddenly jassy came from behind and
invited her to come in and the two
guards went in with jasmine into the
cave
and they rushed to save jassy's friends
after entering the cave jossie finds
joanna's cell phone complete with cut
off her fingers
everyone was shocked to learn about
joanna's tragic fate then they continued
to look for another of jassy's friends
soon they found marty who was behaving
strangely who knows what marty was
drawing
fortunately marty who was once strange
is now aware that they took him out of
the cave
jassy asked sam how he was
marty told me that sam was dead
jassy doesn't trust marty because he's
always hallucinating jesse was very sad
and couldn't believe that sam had died
too
then jassy rushed in to find sem
finally the armed guard frank followed
suit and followed jassy into the cave
while in the cave and the guards heard
the creature's voice again
then the guard forced him to leave the
cave immediately
because this guard was worried that
jassy would die if she went to get a
photo of the creature then suddenly
apparently these affected people kept
coming and attacking marty and the guard
were both still outside the cave they
heard a strange sound from inside marty
started hallucinating marty heard a
scream from inside he seemed to get a
whisper from the creature then marty
hallucinated communicating by painting
on the ground the guard followed him
suddenly marty saw the guard turned into
sam he was scared away from the guard
the guard then the guards forced jassy
to leave the cave immediately
because this guard is worried that jassy
will die if she insists on just getting
a photo of the creature jassy still
wants to immortalize if the creature
really exists and sam is dead the
officer was furious with jassy because
she was stubborn then suddenly
apparently these affected people kept
coming and attacking the guard post
while outside the cave marty is still
afraid and wants to kill the guard
after being attacked by those freaks the
guard usually escapes will be on time
will help even the ammo runs out
finally the guard was stabbed in the
back and eventually died
jesse is still being held captive and
the person who killed the guard saves
her instead jesse met the person asking
him for help jesse points a knife but
the person commits suicide instead then
the strange person who had helped jesse
died too
for trying to kill jesse
indeed the events in the cave are
completely impossible and many events
are beyond human understanding dee was
shocked because he had killed a forest
ranger he panicked and was confused the
body of the guard was dragged into the
cave he finally returned to the cave
looking for jassy
after jassy escapes he tried to get out
but the way to get out he was confused
and had to be careful
don't be overheard by other strange
creatures
jassy while perpetuating by recording
via her cell phone and jesse was even
surprised to find marty how happy he is
as usual they joked by covering their
faces with both hands and opening them
but when they opened their faces with
both hands marty saw a terrible creature
behind jassy
jasmine spontaneously stabbed him and
they used to escape
the monster is able to chase after jassy
but can escape because marty pulls it
suddenly there was a rumbling sound from
inside the cave it turns out that from
inside there is water that continues to
fill in the cave
sam and jassy to be scattered because of
that incident and finally they meet
again in the dark then they both ran to
find the mouth of the cave arriving at
the mouth of the cave marty strangely
did not want to come out and jassy
continued to force him to come out of
the cave
and when he was about to leave suddenly
marty was tricked from behind by this
strange creature
jesse couldn't save marty jesse ran out
marty disappeared in the middle of the
darkness of the cave just leave jassy
alone out of the k
and the story is over
the summary in this story can be
concluded creatures that have the
ability to influence humans are not told
where they came from
but the struggle of jassy and her
friends is indeed very dangerous
jassy wants to unravel the mystery of
her father's death because all of his
friends and others do not believe in
mystical things
but that does not mean ignoring the
prohibition in a certain place or area
until finally they ignored the
prohibition of the guards and only to
look to document the sightings of the
creature
and in the end it ended tragically and
all his friends died in a tragic way
but his curiosity was answered when he
saw the horror of the creature maybe
this is the review and discussion of the
2021 film it came from below
thank you for watching